hey guys what's happening this is Tony
reality from creative edge productions I
just want to share a little video clip
with you I just got home and had a new
present that showed up some I ordered
I'm pretty excited about and let me go
ahead and just show you I've got my 5d
mark ii here and get a video clip ruin
alright check it out this is the kodak
zi8 it's pretty cool now let me explain
to you what's going on let me let me
just show you all right around and yeah
it's pretty cool right so this is well
yes it's comparable to like the flip
cameras that they have out there so I've
got the Kodak right here and then this
is the as den SMX
10 I think is the number I'll make sure
and then post a link to that and and
then this is just a standard flash
bracket and just going straight in there
so it's pretty cool it's really small
and yet got some pretty good quality
coming from it so let's go back to me
here to do and
yeah I'm pretty stoked about this
because it's just a little guy but from
what I've seen the image quality is
pretty good I mean there's no zoom on it
and so it's not going to be like a
replacement for a normal video camera
but I just wanted because like I shot a
lot of my episodes of next wave TV and
some of my lighting tutorial videos on
my HP 20 and while this is a great
camera and I will never say that it has
doesn't have its place I don't really
feel like fetching footage in all the
time and with timecode and dealing with
mini DV tapes and everything like that
whereas this obviously solid state I
just take that out the memory card pop
into my computer and I'm good to go plus
this is smaller and just as I can do
720p instead of always 1080p
for small file sizes so I'm kind of
excited about this look nice little guy
might be fun to take this around maybe
if I go to some events or something like
that I might be I'll take this with
instead I've always have my hb20 and I
can now flop photos you easier and
quicker also I can you know I've got
that flash bracket so I could put a
little LED light on there if I wanted to
right now I've just got my Smith Victor
photo flood 250 watt light that just
bouncing up the ceiling just to give
enough light but even at that I mean
this has got pretty decent light I mean
this isn't bright by any means what I
have in here but it's got pretty good
you know light capability I'm sure it's
not anywhere compared to my 5d but I'm
just kind of excited about this so I'm
hoping that can shoot some more episodes
of next wave TV and my lighting
tutorials on this get them up faster and
just see how I work so anyways thanks
for checking it out and we'll see you
next time